c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\Helloworld.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\Helloworld.pdb
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\Rocket.API.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\Rocket.Core.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\Rocket.Unturned.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\Pathfinding.JsonFx.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\Pathfinding.Ionic.Zip.Reduced.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\Pathfinding.ClipperLib.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WindModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\Pathfinding.Poly2Tri.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashLog.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WindModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.xml
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\obj\Debug\SomeSimpleName.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\obj\Debug\Helloworld.dll
c:\users\kckndr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Helloworld\Helloworld\obj\Debug\Helloworld.pdb
